Add crsid access instructions (for php) (#49)
SRCF/docs: content/reference/web-hosting/raven-authentication.md

</FilesMatch>
```

> You can access a Raven-authenticated user's crsid in PHP using `$_SERVER["AAPRINCIPAL"]`. For example, adding the following to `index.php` will display a customised welcome message on login:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access a Raven-authenticated user's CRSid using the `AAPRINCIPAL` environment variable. For example, adding the following to `index.php` will display a customised welcome message on login:
```
